Imagine if you could only communicate with your family by writing
A woman writes "what would you like for breakfast?"
and passes the note to the man next to her.
Sometimes it's just easier to speak.
One of the advances of technology is voice recognition
Whether it's searching the web
A man is using a tablet by voice
"Nineteenth century architecture."
Search results appear on the screen
Dictating emails
An older man is also using a tablet by voice
Or controlling your navigation app
A woman is speaking to her mobile phone
and follows the directions on the screen
Many people with physical disabilities rely on voice recognition
to use the computer
"Place order."
A man with a wheelchair is using a headset for the computer
but for that to happen websites and apps need to be properly coded
Nothing happens on the computer
"Cancel?"
Voice recognition can help lots of other people with temporary limitations too
like an injured arm
"Place order."
A woman with her arm in a sling successfully using voice
It can also prevent injuries becoming worse
like RSI: Repetitive Stress Injury
A man is outside with a dog
taking voice notes on his mobile phone
Or for people simple preferring voice
"Place Order."
The man with the wheelchair is now using a website that works
Web accessibilities
Essential for some, useful for all.